sitting next to a tamil / muslim / sikh / hiindu.. do we really care of what religion our friends belong to ?? Do we bother about who is sitting next to us in the movie theatre ? Well , thanks to the revolutionaries and our past heroes , today'ss India is a lot different and better with respect to the communal harmony that existed in 20th century ! We just dont care of the caste , creed , religion and treat people equal. The child's mind is pure till he is told about these differences also exist. Same is the case with youth. Today the youth is wheel of change. The ancient thought has indeed taken a back. We can ssee the examples of intercommunal marriages becoming more prminent and less prone to objection and hatered they faced a few years back. In the modern world , where development is the first priority , people from all kinds of communities can be seen studying together in nations premier schools and colleges and working together in a team , all focussed towards their proffessional goals than petty community difference. This ideology drift has caused the ancient notion of stratified socities a set back. Be it diiwali / Id / Guru Nanak's Bday , festivities are supposed to be celebrated together for the country's youth. Communal Harmony iss neccesary foe development. This iss something necessary for building a stable economy and ensuring peace and ssecurity for all. Without communal harnomy can we expect any development ? Any trade ? Well , obvisiously , the bussiness people would go into losses if they were restricted to do their business in only the community they belong ! They same way , ideas are blocked if not let in open , if people are snubbed based on caste / religion. The youth today understands this crucial aspect and hence , is not bothered about old practice of maintaing disstances based on caste. They welcme new , fresh ideas with open arms and unite together in phase of crime and protest. Thanks , to this modern world whiich has indeed acted catylyst in promoting harmony. In some distant parts , where still the darkness prevails , the youth can reach there and educate the villagers  , their ssociety of the ill effects of the practice and enlighten them towards the brighter aspects of life.Hence , youth is indeed the vehicle of change , the candle of light and wheel of development for tomorrow playing a crucial role by 
